Refunds
Stripe offers you the ability to refund a customer charge, be it in full or a partial amount of the original charge.

Learn how to issue a refund from your Stripe Dashboard, how long refunds can take to reach your customers, what to do if a refund is not received as expected, and more below. You can also find more information in the Stripe Docs.

Canceling a refund
After you send a customer a refund, you have a very short window to cancel it from the Dashboard. If Stripe needed to collect customer banking information for the original payment methods, you can cancel the refund using the API.
Card refunds
If cancellation is still possible, card refunds must be cancelled using the Dashboard and the refund must not have been processed as a charge reversal.

To cancel a refund from the Dashboard, go to the Payments tab. Click a specific payment and cancel the refund from its details page. Alternatively:

Locate the specific payment being refunded that you want to cancel.
Click the three-dot overflow menu to the right of the payment, then select Cancel refund. If there are multiple partial refunds, select the one you want to cancel from the dropdown.
Confirm the refund cancellation by selecting Yes, cancel refund.
Other refunds
For refunds that are processed through email, the refund can only be canceled before the customer submits their bank account details through the refund input link, or in the case of a failed refund attempt refund or a retry. If the refund can still be canceled, initiate the cancellation through the API.

What if cancellation isn't available?
If a refund can't be canceled, you need to create a new charge for the customer in the amount of the refund to recoup the funds. Learn more about how to send a payment link to a customer.


Fix the negative balance on your account
Payments
Payouts
Refunds
A negative balance occurs when the cost of refunds, disputes, and fees exceeds the available balance. Your business won't be able to send refunds to customers until the issue is resolved. To fix a negative balance, Stripe may automatically initiate a withdrawal from the bank account on file within two business days of the account going negative. In most countries, you can also add funds directly to your account from the Dashboard. Transfers from your bank account, whether initiated by Stripe or you, can take several days to become available in your Stripe account.
If you expect an increase in customer refunds or disputes, you can proactively add money to your Stripe account to avoid a negative balance and prevent business disruptions and chargebacks.

Add funds directly to your Stripe account
Follow our detailed instructions on adding funds directly to your Stripe account from the Dashboard. Adding funds directly is not supported in India or Brazil. Funds added directly will show as a negative payout in the Dashboard.

If you are in a country where Stripe supports automatic withdrawal for negative balances, check your balance and future payouts before adding additional funds in case your negative balance was already addressed.

If you're in a country where topping up your payments balance directly is not allowed, funds will be credited to a separate balance type called Future refunds or disputes (FROD) on your Balances page. The funds in this balance are used solely for future refunds and disputes. Your existing pending refunds will be released after Stripe automatically sweeps funds from the FROD balance to recover your negative balance.

Automatic withdrawal
Automatic withdrawal, also called auto debit, is when Stripe initiates an account debit from the bank account on file to cover the negative balance. This helps you maintain a funded and operational account without the need for manual intervention.

If your account is eligible for automatic withdrawal, Stripe will attempt to debit your bank account within 2 business days of the negative balance. If the debit is successful, your account will be funded, and can continue processing transactions. However, if the debit fails, funds need to be added to your Stripe balance using an alternative method, such as a manual transfer or a credit card.

If you're concerned about issuing refunds sooner, add funds to your Stripe account proactively.

See also:

Auto Debit FAQ
UK instructions to check whether Direct Debit Instructions (DDI) are active

Set up a minimum balance
To prevent your account from going negative we recommend setting a minimum balance to cover refunds, disputes, and fees.

Multiple bank accounts with different currencies
If you have multiple different bank accounts in different currencies, the balance for each currency is handled separately. Stripe won't subtract from your balance in one currency to cover the negative balance in another currency.

Follow the steps to add funds directly to top up a non-default currency from the Dashboard .

Connect platforms
Add funds to your platform balance



Understanding fees for refunded payments
Depending on your pricing and fee schedule, issuing a refund may incur fees. Stripe's processing fees from the original transaction aren't returned.
For businesses on standard pricing, there may be fees when bank transfers are used. For all other payment methods, there are no fees for issuing refunds. For businesses on IC+ pricing, depending on your fee schedule with Stripe, there may be some fees for issuing refunds. For all refunds, payment processing, Connect, and currency conversion fees from the original charge are not returned.

Much of the underlying cost of payment processing is driven by fees assessed by banks and payment networks (like Visa and Mastercard). These networks set rules about which fees apply for refunded payments, and in many cases banks and card networks keep the entire upfront cost of a refunded transaction. For some regions and payment types, refunded payments also incur additional fees.

We strive for simple and transparent pricing, and our standard fees include access to a variety of features like fraud protection, reporting, and other tools for managing your payments. To manage these underlying payment processing costs and continue providing these services as part of our standard pricing, Stripe doesn't return our fees when a payment is refunded.

Additional Information
Learn more about how to refund and cancel payments.



Where is my customer's refund?
Refunds can take 5-10 business days to show up in a customer’s account.
Find the refund status of a specific transaction on the Transaction page or Payments tab of the Dashboard.

In some cases, a refund might not appear within 10 business days:

Reversal
A reversal can occur if a refund is submitted soon after the original charge. This means the original charge will drop off the customer's bank statement as if it never occurred, and the bank account balance adjusts to credit that money back without a specific line item on the statement.

Partial reversal
A partial refund made soon after the original charge can be processed as a partial reversal. The original charge will be replaced with a lower amount on the customer’s bank statement instead of a separate line item refund.

Refund pending
The refund hasn't been initiated either because the customer’s bank is still processing it, or because there is an insufficient balance in your Stripe account. Hover over the Refund Pending status in the Dashboard Payments tab to determine why the refund is pending. Learn how to Fix your pending refund or more about refund statuses.

Still not seeing the refund?
If your customer doesn't see a credit or reversal and they still see the original charge after 10 business days, they'll need to reach out to their bank for more information.

For card refunds, you can provide your customer with the transaction ARN or STAN to share with their bank for tracing purposes.



How to refund a customer
You can refund non-disputed payments to customers directly from the Payments overview page in the Dashboard or using the Stripe API. The default refund amount is the full charge amount, but you can adjust the amount to give a partial refund.
Refund non-disputed payments to your customers using the Stripe API or directly from the Dashboard--see instructions below for both methods. Refunds take 5-10 days to process and appear on the customer's account. Because of the limited window to cancel a refund, we recommend using test mode to try out the process if needed--see below for more information.

From the Dashboard
Find the charge to be refunded in the Payments overview page.
Click the ••• icon to the right of the charge and select Refund payment. Alternatively, click on the charge and click the Refund button on the top right corner of the payment page.
The default refund is for the full amount. For a partial refund, enter a different amount to be refunded.
Select a reason for the refund. If you select Other, you must provide an explanatory note that is attached to the refund.
Click Refund.
Using the Stripe API
Create a create_refund call in the API.

In the API call, include the charge ID to refund.
To refund an amount different than the full charge amount, include the amount parameter and enter the amount to refund. If no amount is entered, the default action will be a refund of the full charge amount.
Run the API call.
Use test mode to try out the refund process
Once you’ve initiated a refund, you have a very limited window to cancel. You can use test mode to try out the process beforehand. To enter test mode from the account picker in the upper left corner of the Dashboard: select Switch to sandbox then click Test mode. Once in test mode, you can try creating refunds before actioning on the live charges. Actions taken in test mode use the test API key, which means no real transactions are processed, not changes made to your actual customers. Learn more about test mode and sandboxes.

Additional Information
Understanding fees for refunded payments
Canceling a refund



Understanding refund statuses
Refunds move through multiple statuses before successfully reconciling to the customer’s balance. You might need to take action for certain types of statuses.

Refunded
The refund has been successfully initiated from Stripe. This doesn't guarantee that the refund has landed on the customer’s side. After the required processing time of 5-10 business days, your customer should receive their refund.

In the Dashboard Payments tab, click the transaction to view more details about it. If available, find the reference number by clicking View Details under the Timeline.

Reversed
The refund has been initiated as a reversal. The original payment will not show up on your customer's bank statement. The status is usually accompanied by a System Trace Audit Number (STAN) on the Dashboard payment page for the transaction.

Partial refund and Partially reversed
These are similar to Refunded and Reversed, except the refund that's been initiated is for part of the original transaction amount. To see the refunded amount, go to the Dashboard Payments tab and hover over the info icon of the transaction.

Refund pending
The refund hasn't been initiated for one of the following three reasons. Hover over the Refund Pending status in the Dashboard Payments tab to determine the reason the refund is pending.


Financial partner or bank processing

Some refunds are pending while our financial partner or customer’s bank is processing them. You don't need to take any further action.

Payment is not settled

Some refunds are pending because the refunding payment is still processing and has not been settled. You don’t need to take any further action.

Insufficient funds

The refund is pending due to an insufficient balance in your Stripe account. To unblock the refund process, follow the steps in Fix your pending refund.



How to trace a refund using reference numbers
Trace a refund with the reference number provided on the Stripe Dashboard under Payment Details > Timeline. It could be an Acquirer Reference Number (ARN), a System Trace Audit Number (STAN), or a Retrieval Reference Number (RRN).
To help a customer asking for the status of their refund, you can provide the Acquirer Reference Number (ARN) which allows them to work with their bank to trace the refund for all Visa and Mastercard charges. System Trace Audit Numbers (STANs) are sometimes required to track the status of a refund, such as with reversals. Some networks don't support ARN, so you'd provide your customers the Retrieval Reference Number (RRN) if available. You only need one of the above references in order to track your refund.

Where to find references in the Dashboard
On your Dashboard on the Transactions page and Payments tab, select a specific transaction and find its Timeline section to locate the reference number. If it's not there, click View details under the refund entry to open the top-up window that displays the reference number.


If the reference number isn't in either of the above locations, you should see a message that the reference number will be available in 1-3 business days.

What is an Acquirer Reference Number (ARN)?
An ARN is a unique number assigned to a credit card transaction as it moves through the payment flow. It can be used by banks to help trace your refund if it appears to be missing. An ARN will be available only for supported card networks, and marked as unavailable otherwise.

What the different ARN statuses mean
ARN is available: The ARN will display within the refund
ARN is processing: The ARN will show as processing when the refund has been created, but we have not finished processing the refund. This is the default status after a refund is created.
ARN isn’t available for this refund: The ARN will be unavailable when it is not available or supported for the refund.
What is a System Trace Audit Number (STAN)?
A STAN is a number generated by the cardholder bank that can be used to identify a transaction. STAN is a trace ID number most commonly used internally at the cardholders bank. It’s always a six-digit code, and therefore is not truly unique as the code resets after 999,999.

What is a Retrieval Reference Number (RRN)? 
An RRN is a 12-character identifier to a card transaction based on the ISO 8583 standard. The standard format for an RRN includes the date and hour of the authorization, making it somewhat unique. For some networks that do not support ARN, a RRN will be provided if it is available.

When customers should use ARNs vs. STANs vs. RRNs
In most cases, we recommend customers use an Acquirer Reference Number (ARN) if available.

Because STANs are six digit codes, they aren't truly unique but are useful when ARNs aren't available in cases such as reversals. Depending on network supportability, sometimes an RRN is provided instead of ARN. An RRN is somewhat unique and often useful to track single message network transactions.

Can I get references for non-card refunds? 
Some local payment methods, like SEPA Direct Debit, offer refund references which can also be found on the Dashboard if available.



Refund requests for a purchase made through a business using Stripe
This page contains information intended for customers of businesses that use Stripe. If your business uses Stripe and you’d like to find out more about disputes, please see our article on the refund process.

Stripe is unable to issue refunds on behalf of businesses using Stripe to accept payments. To initiate an exchange or refund, customers will need to reach out to the business directly.

Through the charge lookup tool you can find which business charged you.

If you are unable to get in touch with the business or they are unresponsive, the next course of action would be to reach out to your bank for options. They may have recommendations for how to proceed, such as opening a dispute.



Refund privacy practices for customers of businesses using Stripe
This page is for customers of businesses that use Stripe for payment processing. It covers frequently asked questions about charge refunds and privacy practices.

For questions related to charges, subscriptions, or specific businesses using Stripe, see FAQ for customers of businesses using Stripe.

What is Stripe?
Where did you get my email address?
Why am I being asked to provide my bank account information?
How do I know this email is legitimate?
What data does Stripe collect, store, and share?
What is the relationship between Stripe and the business providing the refund?
Is my financial information safe?
Who can access my bank account information and for what purposes?
Are there alternatives to providing my bank account information?
What is Stripe?
Stripe is a payment service provider that millions of businesses use to accept payments, send payouts, and manage their businesses online.

Where did you get my email address?
The business you purchased from supplied Stripe with your email address to facilitate the refund process. Stripe acts as a service provider to process payments and refunds on behalf of the business.

Why am I being asked to provide my bank account information?
Stripe may request your bank account information on behalf of the business you purchased from. This is necessary to process the refund for goods or services bought using a payment method that does not support direct refunds.

How do I know this email is legitimate?
Stripe will send refund emails from “stripe.com” email addresses in a format similar to “support+acct_1234abcd@stripe.com”.

Check the email address to ensure that the domain is “stripe.com” and not a misspelling such as “stirpe.com”. You can also hover over the links in the email body to confirm that they point to “stripe.com” URLs. See Verified Stripe Domains.

After clicking the button to enter your account information, you can also double check in your browser that the website is a “stripe.com” domain.

What data does Stripe collect, store, and share?
Stripe may access and store copies of the following financial information to facilitate the refund:

Account details, including account number, routing number, and local account identification number.
Identity information, including your email, name, Tax ID, and mailing address.
The information obtained by Stripe may vary based on your location and the original form of payment.

We may give the business you purchased from access to your information to facilitate your customer service requests or questions.

What is the relationship between Stripe and the business providing the refund?
Stripe is a service provider that facilitates the refund on behalf of the business you purchased from.

Stripe does not sell or rent your financial account information to third parties, including marketers. Stripe will use your account information to perform refund services for the business using Stripe, to combat fraud, or to comply with legal requirements, in accordance with our privacy policy.

Is my financial information safe?
Stripe maintains organizational, technical, and administrative measures designed to protect financial account information against unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse. In particular, all data associated with financial accounts is encrypted in transit and at rest.

Because of the sensitive nature of this information, it is also protected by additional access controls, along with ongoing monitoring to prevent data misuse. Learn more about the safeguards we've put in place to protect data transfers and control access.

Who can access my bank account information and for what purposes?
Stripe will have access to bank account information you provide. We'll also share the relevant details with our bank partners to process the refund.

We may give the business you purchased from access to your information to facilitate your customer service requests or questions. We will only use your data as outlined in our Privacy Policy.

Are there alternatives to providing my bank account information?
If you prefer not to provide your bank account details and/or receive a refund via a direct refund through Stripe, contact the business you purchased from.



FAQ for customers of businesses using Stripe
This page is for customers of businesses that use Stripe.

What is Stripe?
What should I do if I don't recognize a charge from Stripe?
Why is there a $1 charge on my bank statement? 
What should I do if the business is having issues processing my payment?
How do I get a refund?
How do I cancel subscriptions from a business using Stripe?
What should I do if I have an issue with a purchase I made?
I don't recognize a charge and I've tried to get in touch with the business. How can I get my money back?
I was a victim of fraud. What should I do?
I disputed a payment. When will I get my money back?
What is Stripe?
Stripe is a payment service provider that millions of businesses use to accept payments, send payouts, and manage their businesses online.

You might see a charge on your bank statement saying "STRIPE". In most cases, you’ve purchased something from a business that uses Stripe to process their payments and the business name wasn’t reflected correctly on your bank statement.

What should I do if I don't recognize a charge from Stripe?
If you notice an unknown charge saying "STRIPE" on your bank statement and you’re unsure which business has charged you, you can use our secure charge lookup tool to search for the business.

Why is there a $1 charge on my bank statement? 
Customers may sometimes notice a pending charge of $1 on their bank statements as part of the card authorization process. This is a temporary authorization charge that will eventually be removed from the statement.

Stripe sends a request to the customer's bank for a $0, $1, or similar amount to verify the validity of the card and ensure it can be authorized by the bank.

What should I do if the business is having issues processing my payment?
Contact the business you were attempting to make a purchase with. They can investigate the issue and, if necessary, reach out to Stripe for assistance.

How do I get a refund?
Stripe is unable to issue refunds on behalf of businesses.

To initiate a refund, you’ll need to contact the business directly. See Privacy Practices for Refunds to End Customer Bank Accounts (End Customers) for more information.

How do I cancel subscriptions from a business using Stripe?
Stripe is not authorized to cancel subscriptions on behalf of the businesses using Stripe.

If you have a recurring subscription charge on your bank statement from a business using Stripe that you would like to cancel, you’ll need to contact the business directly. 

What should I do if I have an issue with a purchase I made?
If you are facing an issue with a purchase, require an update on an order, or have not yet received your item, we suggest reaching out to the business directly to resolve the issue. You can utilize the charge lookup tool to obtain their contact information.

If the business remains unresponsive, we recommend contacting your bank for assistance, as they may offer guidance on how to proceed, including the possibility of initiating a dispute.

I don't recognize a charge and I've tried to get in touch with the business. How can I get my money back?
Stripe is not authorized to issue a refund on behalf of the business. Reach out to your bank for next steps if you are unable to get in touch with the business, they are unresponsive, or you believe the business might be fraudulent.

Your bank may have recommendations for how to proceed, such as opening a dispute.

I was a victim of fraud. What should I do?
If you believe you have been a victim of fraud, report the fraudulent charge to your bank and file a dispute. When you file a dispute, your bank passes all relevant details to Stripe. We use this data in our ongoing effort to combat fraud.

I disputed a payment. When will I get my money back?
When a card issuer creates a dispute on your behalf, the card network immediately debits Stripe for the disputed amount. From that point forward, it's up to the card issuer to decide when they return funds to their cardholder.